* Droid: 3-Dimensional Android Game using OpenGL

* Jumper: 2-Dimensional Android Game using OpenGL
* Duck: This is a simple Duck Hunt game written in C for GBA in mode 3. It contains all the main main game mechanics such as a lifecycle and point system as well as a menu.
* RxP: This is a sophisticated File Transfer Protocol written in Java based on UDP. The mechanism for handling packet integrity, ensuring delivery, and follow-ups is through a custom written algorithm and checksum. This project illustrates that through custom algorithms it is possible to make UDP reliable. (Not necessarily TCP)
* Space Traders: This project was a team based game developed using Java FX. We used many different libraries and concepts such as caching, memory management, lifecycles, multi-threading, cross-platform support, database integration, animations, etc. I was specifically responsible for database integration as well as multi-threading.
* Space Traders-QT: This is a QT(C++ GUI) implementation of the original Space Traders including all features. This version is able to run on all major mobile platforms as well as major Operating Systems.
* VRDart: This is a virtual reality game written in C++ using various computer vision libraries. The game is run through through a projector where targets side-scroll across the screen and players must throw an object and hit the target in order to gain points. After 10 non-consecutive misses, the game ends. This game does not have a lifecycle but is simply designed to demonstrate computer vision capabilities. This project was written during a hackathon.
